hello I'm Ronnie from black shores and
I'm here to tell you about the all-new
Suzuki Celerio a compact but
surprisingly spacious car
superb visibility and great fuel economy
so let's start with looks as you can see
the celerio is a small car that gives a
big impression look at the lovely
streamlined design in the body color
door handles and with five doors it's
easy to hop in and out the elevator
driving position gives grid visibility
while the nine point four meter turnin
circle makes it very easy to maneuver
and park
as you can see the Celerio is really
spacious and both the front and the back
of the car there are five seats given
ample leg and Headroom the Celerio also
has a stylish easy to view dashboard
with eye-catching silver accents not to
mention the class-leading boot space
with a really useful 64 affording seat
for long luggage look at all that space
one of the best things about the new
salerio is the high standard
specification you've got air
conditioning alloys bluetooth for your
mobile for hands-free steering wheel
columns adab digital radio CD tuner and
USB connectivity
and what about running costs well is
salerio has a compact analyte 1 litre
petrol engine this means it has great
fuel efficiency up to sixty five point
seven mile per gallon on the combined
cycle plus low environmentally-friendly
co2 emissions which we know ro taxed
appear so all in all a great little car
for your poverty the Suzuki Celerio has
numerous safety features there are front
side and curtain airbags a tire pressure
monitoring system that warns you if any
of your tires are the Flyn an electronic
stability program ESP
so it can sense the Honda limits and
avoid wheel spin abs and electronic
brake force distribution EBD which
varies the amount of force applied to
each period it also comes with a suffix
child seat points and an emergency flat
tire repair kit
not to mention remote central locking
and immobilizer deadlocks and the
visible VI n there are two different
specifications in the celerio range yes
said three and the top of the range as
said four plus there's a choice of six
different colors including newer bleers
red and silurian blue so I hope you've
been impressed with this great little
car to find out more about our luleå
finance offers and prices please check
out the special offers on our website or
if you like a book a test drive for
black Shores on two one six six five six
or two - or two to be
oops easily
you